it go hello is the guy keeper arrow
mother nigga roll with some killings in
the drawer dinner
don't know is many ways to get paid
broccoli get go is gourmet got a crush
smoking I be rolling that desire my
subtle way a double up and beetle from
the bank I will not have around me suck
titties as ice my dad
we live in the stew man you know then
came all the way down from Orlando she
all of that crew order to get you shit
done
I got to get it done I got a project
coming up soon my god I like to see it
coming for you boys
you feeling me this minute because I got
a stupid-ass mixtape comfortable with
man stupid enemies they all straight
bangs man we're gonna shit forever
forever forever forever you know nigga
21 now you know hey man new shit man you
know I'm saying new shit feel good no
money smell right smell good you know
your bitch gonna wanna fuck me after
this video probably you know most likely
most likely baby you know and that just
hot is y'all wanna be the nigga not of
the map now you gonna shoot I had to do
that I got you ready with a suit
alright boys man look man check it out
man I got two hot new songs coming out
rent the car plug and a red car jockey
calling my phone call my phone keys are
you kidding me hey this shit's gonna
take off man you know 2015 Maya I'm a
squat your Cajun music LCM G there's
everything a wit man if you ain't wit me
fuck you this highway look man bottom in
my fucking instagram @ kg music
underscore 72 7 bottom LM up fucking
Twitter and my fucking Cajun music
underscore 77 that's the mg shit and
then we get money